Add meta description to some pages (#3794)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/release-notes/release_3_9_3.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.
.. meta::

>   :description: Wazuh 3.7.2 has been released. Check out our release notes to discover the changes and additions of this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Wazuh 3.9.3 has been released. Check out our release notes to discover the changes and additions of this release.
```
